Documentation Restructure (#1231)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: examples/observability/simple_calculator_observability/README.md

Before starting this example, you need:

> 1. **Agent toolkit**: Ensure you have the Agent toolkit installed. If you have not already done so, follow the instructions in the [Install Guide](../../../docs/source/get-started/installation.md#install-from-source) to create the development environment and install NeMo Agent Toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Agent toolkit**: Ensure you have the Agent toolkit installed. If you have not already done so, follow the instructions in the [Install Guide](../../../docs/source/get-started/installation.md#install-from-source) to create the development environment and install NeMo Agent toolkit.
```

    nat run --config_file examples/observability/simple_calculator_observability/configs/config-weave.yml --input "What's the sum of 7 and 8?"
    ```

> For detailed Weave setup instructions, see the [Fine-grained Tracing with Weave](../../../docs/source/run-workflows/observe/observe-workflow-with-weave.md) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed Weave setup instructions, refer to the [Fine-grained Tracing with Weave](../../../docs/source/run-workflows/observe/observe-workflow-with-weave.md) guide.
```
